Academic institution boycotts violate academic freedom.
THP a one-state of Israel to Israel and Palestine as separate entities.
Nuking Japan in World War II was done for the wrong reasons if claimed it was to substantially end the war earlier.
The US should not have withdrawn from Afghanistan.
If someone is pro life, they should count the time spent in the womb in their age.
Defund the police and ACAB are bad slogans.
Covid vaccinations should be mandatory.
NATO has been a net benefit to the world.
Organisations like FIFA and IOC shouldn't make events in countries were civil liberties are heavily restricted.
Non-reconstructive plastic surgery should be forbidden.
There are some people that are beyond rehabilitation and should be given the death penalty or exiled.
1978 California Proposition 13 should be repealed - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1978_California_Proposition_13.
Men should not be forced to pay child support when abortion is legal.
Citizens United v. FEC was a good decision.
Children should be raised without gendered language.
Children should be raised in atheism.
THW impliment mandatory paternity tests at birth.
You should be required to carry with you a form of identification at all times i.e. pass port, government id, Citizen Card.
Internet piracy should be decriminalised.
There should be no property ownership in space.
Sexual Predators should be chemically castrated.
Corporations are people.
Blank votes should cause empty seats.
Push ads should be banned.
Polygamy should be legalised
Road side billboards on the highway should be banned.
If a debate ended in a conclusion the previous time it was debated, the next time it would be debated, it should start with said conclusion.
The government should artificially force landlords to lower rent to an affordable price.
Tampons and birth control should be provided for free by the government.
Dental and vision care should be covered in any version of a healthcare system.
Every nation should declare a state of national emergency in response to the climate crisis.
Restaurants, bars and cafés should provide a glass of water for free when requested.
A multicultural society is better society.
We, as a society, should eat less meat overall.
There should be a government fact checker called "Department of Truth" that actively debunks false information.
Four-day work weeks increases productivity in workers.
Fines should be charges as a percentage of income and not a set value.
UN should take Amazon (jungle).
The second amendment should be repealed.
Housing should be a right.
Capitalism is the superior economic system.
Capitalism should have regulations restricting the actions of corporations.
Countries should implement social welfare policies.
Hookup culture is bad for society.
Legislatures should be barred from using religious identity to write laws.
Morality and legality should be separated.
Lobbying shouldn't be allowed.
Nuclear energy is an efficient means of slowing climate change.
Climate change is caused by humans.
The government should institute universal healthcare.
The government should recognize transgender identities.
Ex-convicts should be able to do every thing a person that never went to prison does.
Drugs should be decriminalized.
Self-driving cars should replace human drivers.
The popular vote should hold precedent over the electoral college in America.
The EU is the most successful political and economic project to date.
Physician assisted suicide should be legal.
The federal government should implement a gun buyback program.
The covid vaccine should be required to enter schools and workplaces.
The government should institute a Universal Basic Income.
A wealth tax is not an efficient nor reliable method of taxation.
Protectionism is beneficial to increasing local production.
The Dickey Amendment should be repealed.
The government should institute a Land Value Tax.
Gerrymandering should be made illegal.
Modern Monetary Theory is a viable economic theory.
Citizens United should be repealed.
Voter ID is necessary to guarantee a secure election.
Animal testing should be illegal.
Governments should actively relocate unemployed people from areas with high structural unemployment during economic crises.
Assuming feasibility, THW allow individuals to sell their units of Intelligence Quotient (IQ). For the purpose of the debate, an intelligence quotient (IQ) refers to a total score derived from a set of standardised tests that could accurately assess human intelligence. Through intelligence, humans possess the cognitive abilities to learn, form concepts, understand, apply logic, and reason.
This house supports countries withdrawing from the International Criminal Court in order to create their own regional replacements (e.g. an African Criminal Court, an InterAmerican Criminal Court).
TH believes that Putin has been good for Russia.
THW make debating a mandatory part of school curriculum.
This House Supports the monetisation of reproduction (e.g. sale of oocysts, commercial surrogacy).
Automating jobs under unregulated capitalism will increase inequality.
It's contradictory for vegans to support capitalism.
As feminists, this house supports all forms of self-commodification of one's sex appeal, escorting, sugardaddying / mommying, and starring in porn videos.
Assuming the technology to do so easily and safely exists, THW force everyone in society to undergo periodic sex changes.
THBT all states/provinces should create special economic zones in cities, where all economic activities (except the purchase of goods and services) are carried out by women.
The U.S. should curtail domestic surveillance.
The US should increase economic engagement with China.
Drug companies in the USA should not be allowed to market directly to consumers.
Embargo's are ineffective at upholding and enforcing international law.
Voting third party is the same as wasting a vote.
The US government should substantially increase social services for people living in poverty.
The bulk of electric energy should be produced via nuclear processes (fission, fusion).
There is no scientific support for unequivocal and nationwide gun bans in the USA.
Any alternative to nuclear energy is unjustifiable for modern energy grids.
Resource efficiency is the new economics.
All books should be allowed, there shouldnt be banned books.
All physical books should be banned.
Signing up for the military is ethical.
The UN should send its peacekeepers to make sure the next american presidential election is held completely democratically.
Nuclear energy should make up the bulk of our species energy generation.
The consideration of speaking for the dead does not apply for abortions.
All owned cats should have a 5 year period to get chipped, after which the euthanisation of any unchipped cat shall be permitted.
The DNC and the GOP (as well as any other nomination orgs for parties) should be held to governmental standards to avoid voter fraud.
Private job application processes should be fully transparent, but anonymized (no traceable identifiers) to the public.
The US Dollar is not a true fiat currency.
Aquaponic farming is the future.
Yemen should be given to the Houthi Rebels.
Republican policies overwhelmingly favor the rich.
When facing an unavoidable accident, self-driving cars should save the lives of their passengers regardless of the harm caused to others.
The ubiquity of heterosexuality is chiefly a product of heteronormativity.
The UK Education System Should Consider An Overhaul.
Southern Yemen should become it's own state.
The scientific method and critical thinking should be included as a part of the basic curriculum.
All university courses should require a semester abroad.
The Global North relies too much on the Global South.
There should be a fixed limit on how many students per teacher in classroom settings.
THR installing Dyson Airblades :tm: in public bathrooms.
The distinction between kink and regular sex should exist even if it were to be destigmatised.
Covid is being handled well in America. (21.07.21)
Covid is being handled well in the UK (21.07.21)
There is a specific amount of dead (human) bodies in a large body of water (ocean) that is unacceptable.
African countries should come together to build solar power plants in the Sahara.
Israel is an Apartheid state - https://www.un.org/en/genocideprevention/documents/atrocity-crimes/Doc.10_International%20Convention%20on%20the%20Suppression%20and%20Punishment%20of%20the%20Crime%20of%20Apartheid.pdf.
A biocentric world is preferable to an anthropocentric world.
Studies on correlation between biological attributes and ethnicity are unethical.
Taiwan is the real China.
A SHENGEN treaty between all the member states of the UN is preferable.
All capable high school graduates should enter two years of compulsory millitary service.
Frances hijab ban prevents Islamic extremism.
Private Military Firms should come under the monitoring of the states they are based in.
Women are valued higher than men by society.
The wage gap between men and women is not unfair.
There should be a cross Pacific and cross Atlantic hyperloop.
The domestic introduction of vaccine-passes is coercive.
Someone covering a song of the opposite sex should not change the pronouns in the song.
Sanctions punish people more than they punish states, and should therefore not be used as tools to react to breaches of human rights.
Seeds left over from patented plants should become the property of the farmer who planted their host plant.
Nations should give foreign aid to impoverished people and those that have their opportunities inconvenienced with the goal to prevent the need for economically motivated migration.
Nationalism is a necessary belief in some countries during the 21st century and for the future.
The notion that you must have land to even be considered a nation is outdated and should be abolished.
Ocean exploration should be funded more than space exploration initiatives.
Animal rights activists should focus on veganism over animal welfare.
A non-hetero-normative world is preferable to status quo semi-hetero-normative world.
Ethnically homogeneous societies have less violent crime and political violence than ethnically diverse societies because of their ethnic homogeneity.
Schools should be allowed to restrict internet usage on school devices when a student is at home.
Schools should be allowed to monitor the activity of students on school devices outside of school.
Religion has a place in education.
